Fix a bug where there is a false-positive change detection for propertyMapping without ID (#1412)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/nervous-lemons-play.md

---
'@finos/legend-graph': patch
---

> Fix a bug where there is a false-positive change detection for propertyMapping without ID ([#1406](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/1406)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug where there is a false-positive change detection for property mapping without `targetId` ([#1406](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/1406)).
```
